---
title: "PhD Talks"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2013-09-01-PhD-talks
venue: "Worldwide"
date: 2013-09-01
location: "Worldwide"
---

* 26/08/16 "The Separate Universe Approach to Soft Limits", Cosmology Seminar, Penn State University.
* 17/08/16 "The Separate Universe Approach to Soft Limits", Theory Seminar, New York University.
* 15/08/16 "The Separate Universe Approach to Soft Limits", Cosmology Seminar, University of Pennsylvania.
* 12/08/16 "The Separate Universe Approach to Soft Limits", COSMO16, University of Michigan.
* 10/06/16 "The Separate Universe Approach to Soft Limits", UKCosmo, University of Sussex.
* 20/04/16 "Soft Limits in Multifield Inflation", String Theory Seminar, University of Southampton.
* 05/04/16 "Soft Limits in Multifield Inflation", Britgrav16, The University of Nottingham.
* 14/03/16 "Soft Limits in Multifield Inflation", Student Triangle, King's College London.
* 18/02/16 "Soft Limits in Multifield Inflation", Collabor8, Queen Mary University of London.
* 07/01/16 "Soft Limits in Multifield Inflation", Student Conference on Gravity, Strings and Cosmology, Imperial College.
* 10/12/15 "Top-down and Bottom-up Approaches to Inflation", University of Amsterdam.
* 09/12/15 "Non-Gaussianity: Asymmetry and Squeezed Limits", Utrecht University.
* 04/12/15 "Top-down and Bottom-up Approaches to Inflation", Theory Group Seminar, Swansea University.
* 26/11/15 "The squeezed limit of the bispectrum in multi-field inflation", Cosmology Seminar, University of Oxford.
* 07/10/15 "Non-Gaussianity: Asymmetry and Squeezed Limits", Cosmology Seminar, Queen Mary University of London.
* 05/10/15 "Non-Gaussianity: Asymmetry and Squeezed Limits", Cosmology Seminar, University of Sussex.
* 17/09/15 "The squeezed limit of the bispectrum in multi-field inflation" COSMO-15, Warsaw, Poland.
* 10/06/15 "The squeezed limit of the bispectrum in multi-field inflation." PhD Student Seminars, Queen Mary University of London. Slides.
* 17/12/14 "D-Brane Potentials in the Warped Resolved Conifold and Natural Inflation." Young Theorists' Forum, Durham University. Details.
* 20/11/14 "D-Brane Potentials in the Warped Resolved Conifold and Natural Inflation." PhD Student Triangle Seminar, Imperial College London. Details. Slides.
* 09/09/14 "Natural Inflation from D-brane Potentials in the Warped Resolved Conifold." Institute of Physics Gravitational Physics Group, Meeting on Primordial Gravitational Waves and B-mode Polarization in the CMB. Slides.
* 04/06/14 "String Cosmology." PhD Student Seminars, Queen Mary University of London. Slides.
